1. Michael Albert and Jim Riley.
2. As it stands we have noticed no major bugs or errors.
3. We tested the board creation with multiple board lengths including 0 and 256
to ensure randomness, that there would be at least one vowel in the board, and
that the board had to be between 1 and 255. We tested the server by joining
multiple player groups and making sure the games are matched to each other
correctly. We tested the correctness of the entered words by entering nothing,
valid words, and invalid words to make sure the server returned the correct
results. We also played through several games of varying board/time lengths,
trying to break it through disconnects, afking, inputting invalid characters,
etc.
4.The most challenging part of this assignment by far was figuring out how to
detect if a player timed out or disconnected prematurely and communicating that
to the client side. When a player timed out and the client peeked and saw a 0
waiting in the buffer the client did not execute the sends sending the guess
data. The server would make it player 2s turn and gave them a point because it
would just behave as if player 1 had entered an incorrect guess. Player 2 would
play their turn normally and the server would go back to player 1. Player 1
could guess but they would still be looking at the board for the previous
round, so when the server gets their response it would compare that answer to
the new board. Of course it most likely would not exist there so the server
will say its an invalid word. This problem was eventually fixed however there
is still a turn of lag on player ones side where they are forced to enter a
word based off an incorrect board.
